BONUS CHALLENGE FORM
--------------------

For each bonus challenge you have implemented, please replace the sentence "We are not entitled to this bonus."
with a short description of:

1. How it was implemented in your code
2. Where it was used (in which class methods).
3. How you tested that it is working correctly.

--------------------

1. Fully supporting all configuration fields and avoiding the use of magic numbers

We have used env.config.fieldName in every file to ensure that the values are 
the same as they are configured in the config.properties.
We have used these fields in dealer, player and table classes.
We have modified the config.properties file and saw the difference in the interface (added players, changed ai to humans etc)  
--------------------

2. Terminating all threads (that you created) gracefully and in reverse order to the order they were created in.

In the dealer terminate function, we started terminating from the last player to the first one in reverse order.
We have checked this in the logs and noticed that the threads are terminating in the reverse order of creation.

--------------------

3. Handling the config.turnTimeoutMillis value as follows:
config.turnTimeoutMillis < 0: display nothing.
config.turnTimeoutMillis = 0: display a timer since the last action (reshuffle or set collected).
Note: in modes without a countdown timer the dealer must ensure there is always at least one legal set on the table.

We are not entitled to this bonus.

--------------------

4. Making sure that the threads do not wake up unless some actual job needs to be done (e.g., a value needs to be
changed on the display, key input needs to be handled, etc.) and the only threads created by you are:
1 thread per player + 1 additional thread for non-human players.

The player awaits a key press using the .take() function from the BlockingQueue.
The player awaits a response from the dealer using .take() function.
The dealer waits for a second to update the timer (unless we are warning) or till the user sends a set to check, we did that using the poll with a timeout.
we checked if it works from the log files and printing each task to make sure it works fine.